how everyone in the selective would understand about shell Come online perimeters.
Most Atlantic's come on can take,
you know,
different actions depending on the come online arguments supplied toe the common.
So to understand this,
I'm taking you into my Atlantic box.
So what is come online argument?
Come on,
line argument is nothing but an argument Cento program that is being caught.
Suppose I'm fighting Ellis.
So Alice is a come on the name of the common to be executed.
And if I'm using any arguments last time so it's less time is an argument here.
So Alice is the name of the common,
and everything else on command line is taken as arguments toe this common right.
I'm just taking another example.
Tail hyphen 10 does want it easy possibility.
So here it is,
the common and apart from that,
everything is your arguments late.
So let's take a few more examples.
So here,
if I am simple fire,
Alice.
So Alice is the common.
There is a name off your common name here.
Argument name is nothing because I'm not supplied anything.
How simple Fire ls.
So total number of arguments past here that is zero if I am using this one.
Ellis and Tim.
So Alice is a common on the slash Time is the argument name on total number of arguments.
That is one this one.
Great.
Several times during this one.
E d.
C.
On this is my host.
Okay,
so here you can see that CP is the common name,
right on the arguments here we have.
You know,
this one,
This one on this one on a total number of arguments,
That is 21 and two.
Thank you.
So,
you know,
calculated,
like,
this way only,
Right?
So I'm going to,
you know,
trade escape so that you can understand the position perimeters.
So here,
you know,
one more thing I won't tell you.
Suppose are fired this Come on,
this one.
Great.
So city is my,
you know.
Come on.
Name on.
This is the arguments on remember organs.
We have to.
So this one is doing What about this one?
You know this dollar zero on this dinner spot dollar one on this dinner's fire,
your dollars to so on.
All right.
On the total number of arguments,
if you want to know that will in order by this one.
Like how many?
Once you have passed but that come on,
like if you have passed to.
So if you want to know why this could be have toe use this,
you know.
Come on for that.
So let me carry this.
Came for you so that you get in just trying it on that amusing.
Okay,
so the 1st 1 I told you this one,
this one is 00 means that whatever the common,
if I have a script and if I am going to tell us about the script So that is the name of my
script that we would rather buy this $1.0.
So here I am,
putting its kept very simple,
like echo this one time.
Okay,
2nd 1 the name of my script,
This one.
Right?
So if I am going to execute this one So the first perimeter,
the first come online that is your dollars zero go the well,
you off first out woman that didn't inspire dollar one as well.
You can pass on something to the escaped as well.
I will show you Echo the really off second dog woman that is a dollar to no really off Todd
out of woman.
Right,
Onder Total number of arguments don't tell number.
I want bust.
So that's good that we would you know about this one?
It waas dollar hash,
right dollar hash.
See here.
This is what I told you.
This is Dr Issue.
Okay,
so let me come on from here.
Make it executable.
Okay,
so let's be capped one more time so that we'll have a look on that.
What do you have to get?
So this is camp,
you know?
So the name of my skip dollar,
this one.
So if I'm going to do this one,
right.
So this is this is your dollar zero.
And if I want to pass any perimeter like good 12 or like hello?
So that is your a dollar one.
If I'm passing how that is this $1 to have boarding,
like I know,
willing this one.
So that is a dollar T total number of arguments that were passed from 1 to 20.
Let's see here again.
See that this one,
right.
So this is my dollar zero.
This is you know.
Hello.
How are you?
This one here?
I have got another.
Let's see why I've got another.
Oh,
because I have done some,
you know,
type of us take you twice time out on this one.
I won't do it under Duggan.
So to remember,
for rumors that have been passed 12 and three.
So it has come here.
And these are my arguments on each arguments has been aired.
Undeterred by some positions,
like that is dollars $0.1.
So that is $1.0 to their side has come here.
That is dollar one that a dollar to and dollar t.
So from there.
So for this lecture,
in the next lecture,
I'm going to create a symbol,
a script in which I'm going to pass the perimeters on with those parameters.
You know,
I'm going to do some,
you know,
mathematic calculations like addition off two numbers.
So thanks for watching.
We'll see in the next lecture